Now, let's run the application and register our first user.
Let's click on the register page here and populate some details.
I'm using had been one to three star as the password so that it is a secure password.
That said, the register button and great, you can see it registers the user and sign in and register
are no longer available.
The user is locked in and we have a lock out button.
If you can block out, it would lock us out and we are back on crutches and again, let's switch to
sequels server and let's examine the ESPN end users table.
Our first user has been created here.
If you scroll to the right here, we have more properties and a user looks good.
So with that, our default registration and log in is working as expected.
But that is not sufficient for a large scale application because what we want is our users will have
roles where they have admin users, we will have employees.
Our customers are also of two types.
They will either be a company customer or they can be individual customer shopping for a book.
So in that case, the user that registers, we have to create some rules for those users.
And also we need to provide board properties for a user.
Right now, the only property that we have for user is phone number.
But typically, we need more details, like name of the user that address city state postal code, etc.
if they want to ship something to that user.
So we need to add our properties of the users of our application.
So in that case, we will have to modify the default implementation that we have if we go to program
that, yes, the default user as identity user.
So now we need a custom implementation, which will extend this identity user.
Let's do that in the next video.